A truth that's told with bad intent, Beats all the lies you can invent. 
Always be ready to speak your mind and a base man will avoid you. 
Energy is eternal delight. 
I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man's. 
I myself do nothing. The Holy Spirit accomplishes all through me. 
Innocence dwells with Wisdom, but never with Ignorance. 
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend. 
Love seeketh not itself to please, Nor for itself hath any care, But for another gives its ease, And builds a Heaven in Hell's dispite. 
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. 
To see a world in a Grain of Sand, And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand, And eternity in an hour.
When thou seest an eagle, thou seest a portion of genius; lift up thy head! 
As I was walking among the fires of Hell,  delighted with the enjoyments of Genius;  which to Angels look like torment and insanity. I collected some of their Proverbs. 
Those who restrain desire, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained. 
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
Improvement makes strait roads; but the crooked roads without improvement are roads of genius.
Sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires.
Listen to the fool's reproach! it is a kingly title!
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.
All wholesome food is caught without a net or a trap.
No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings.
The most sublime act is to set another before you.
If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise.
Excess of sorrow laughs. Excess of joy weeps.
The fox condemns the trap, not himself.
One thought fills immensity.
Always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.
Expect poison from the standing water.
The weak in courage is strong in cunning.
Damn braces. Bless relaxes.
The best wine is the oldest, the best water the newest.
Exuberance is Beauty.
If the lion was advised by the fox, he would be cunning.
Where man is not, nature is barren.
Truth can never be told so as to be understood, and not be believ'd.
Enough! or too much.