Let's echo 23. See what's up. - The Plague
God wouldn't be up this late ... - The Plague
If I were us? Get on the internet... send out a *major* distress signal. Hackers of the world Unite! - Razor and Blade
Hackers penetrate and ravage delicate privately and publicly owned computer systems, infecting them with viruses and stealing sensitive materials for their own ends... these people are... terrorists. - Richard Gill
I see we're still dressing i the dark, Eugene. - God
Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait. - Razor
There is no right and wrong. There's only fun and boring. - The Plague
Mess with the best, die like the rest. - Dade Murphy
The pool on the roof must have a leak. - Dade Murphy
Spandex: it's a privilege, not a right. - Cereal Killer
Never fear, I is here. - The Plague
Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death, and uh, I can do all of them. - The Plague
Snoop on to them... - Cereal Killer
As they snoop on to us. - Nikon
Worm and a virus? Plot thickens! - Cereal Killer
Never send a boy to do a woman's job. - Kate Libby
I hope you don't screw like you type. - Kate Libby
Hack the planet! Hack the planet! - Dade Murphy
Type "cookie", you idiot. - The Plague
I don't play well with others. - Dade Murphy
Blow me. - Dade Murphy
Anything else, mom? You want me to mow the lawn? Oops! I forgot, New York, no grass. - Dade Murphy
I kinda feel like God. - Cereal Killer
You're in the butter zone now, baby. - Nikon
What? Your Mom buy you a 'puter for Christmas? - Nikon
We have just gotten a wake-up call from the Nintendo Generation. - Cereal Killer
If you want to be elite, you've got to do a righteous hack! - Ramon Sanchez
His parents missed Woodstock, and he's been making up for it since. - Ramon Sanchez
If I win, you become my slave. - Kate Libby
I got a record! I was 'Zero Cool'! - Dade Murphy
If it isn't Leopard Boy... and the Decepticons. - Curtis
This is the end, my friend. Thank you for calling. - The Plague
Biggest crash in history. Front page, New York Times, August 10th 1988... I thought you was black, man! - Nikon
Nothing. It's just a minor glitch. - The Plague
Die dickweeds! - The plague
Rabit?! Flu Shot?! Someone talk to me! - God
Row Row Row your boat! - Da Vinci
Si, sono pronta. Andiamo! - Italian Hacker

