"I am easily satisfied with the very best."

"Never hold discussions with the monkey when the organ grinder is in the room."

On Stanley Baldwin: "There but for the grace of God, goes God."

"We are all worms. But I do believe I am a glowworm."

"I like a man who grins when he fights."

On formal declarations of war: "When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite."

George Bernard Shaw once sent two tickets to the opening night of one of his plays to Winston Churchill with the following note: "Bring a friend, if you have one." Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he had a previous engagement. He also attached the following: "Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one."

"Don't talk to me about naval tradition. It is nothing but rum, buggery and the lash."

"When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to critisise or attack the Government of my country. I make up for lost time when I am at home."

"I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me."

Lady Astor to Churchill "Winston, if you were my husband I would flavour your coffee with poison." Churchill: "Madam, if I were your husband, I should drink it."

Lady Astor was giving a costume ball and Churchill asked her what disguise she would recommend for him. She replied "Why don't you come sober, Mr. Prime Minister?"

Bessie Braddock to Churchill: "Winston, you are drunk". Churchill: "Bessie, you are ugly; and tomorrow morning, I shall be sober."

"Any 20-year-old who isn't a liberal doesn't have a heart, and any 40-year-old who isn't a conservative doesn't have a brain."

"Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong."

"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter."

"I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals."

"The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries."

"The latest refinements of science are linked with the cruelties of the Stone Age."

"You can always count on Americans to do the right thing -- after they've tried everything else."

"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life."

"The length of this document defends it well against the risk of its being read."

"Mr. Gladstone read Homer for fun, which I thought served him right."

"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on."

"Although personally I am quite content with existing explosives, I feel we must not stand in the path of improvement."

On Clement Attlee: "A sheep in sheep's clothing."

On Clement Attlee: "A modest man who has a good deal to be modest about."

"Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount. And the tigers are getting hungry."

"By swallowing evil words unsaid, no one has ever harmed his stomach."

"If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce."

"My wife and I tried two or three times in the last 40 years to have breakfast together, but it was so disagreeable we had to stop."

"Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all."

"My rule of life prescribed as an absolutely sacred rite smoking cigars and also the drinking of alcohol before, after and if need be during all meals, and in the intervals between them."

"I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the ordeal of meeting me is another matter."

"If you are going through hell, keep going." 